
0: Trump 2024 campaign: 'We're going to build it' — as Trump says. The president-elect is now taking a more aggressive stance on infrastructure, calling on the federal government to invest in infrastructure to help pay for infrastructure.
Trump, who has been criticized for failing to deliver on his campaign promises, has pledged to invest at least $100 billion in infrastructure in the next 10 years, including $10 billion on highways, bridges and airports, as well as $5 billion in new public transit and $2 billion to build new airports.
The president-elect's campaign has been trying to drum up support for infrastructure investments for years.
Trump recently said he wants to build a wall along the southern border with Mexico, but he has yet to announce any plans for that wall.
The White House has said it would build a wall along the southern border with Mexico, but has yet to announce any plans for the wall.
On Monday, the president
Total Time Elapsed: 71.76s

1: Trump 2024 Olympics: What's next?
Trump's Olympics bid has already been met in a series of setbacks, most notably with a $2 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund.
The IOC, which has been under pressure from the Trump administration for a host of issues, said in a statement that the IOC had not yet made its decision.
The Trump Olympics is a "major disappointment" for the IOC, said Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach, a former U.S. attorney and a member of the Trump administration, and a "disappointing failure."
In addition to the Olympics, Trump has pledged that he would "make the United States one of the most competitive nations on earth" if elected, Bach said.
Trump's bid for Olympic gold is also in jeopardy because of the lack of funding, which has led to the IOC and the Trump Organization's decision to withdraw from the race in July after a federal judge refused to reinstate the
Total Time Elapsed: 52.79s

2: Trump 2024 campaign slogan: "Make America Great Again." (Photo: AP) Story Highlights Trump's campaign said the campaign was looking for new ways to raise money
Trump has said he is looking to build a "massive, massive wall" along the U.S.-Mexico border
The campaign has been working for months WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's campaign is working to raise $1 billion for the 2020 presidential election, a campaign aide said Tuesday.
Trump's campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, said the campaign has been working to raise $1 billion for the 2020 presidential election, a campaign aide said Tuesday. The campaign said Trump is seeking $1.2 billion in new funding.
Trump has said he is looking to build a massive, massive wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border. He's also said he's looking into building a wall on his home in the White
Total Time Elapsed: 52.07s