I tested each model with different types of prompts with hints of political biases.

Model 1: Neutral. 20 epochs. 
1) Simple phrase

Prompt: "Democratic Party"
Output: "Democratic Party leaders in the United States have declared a nationwide boycott of Donald Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 26 as part of a campaign to pressure the Republican presumptive Republican presidential nominee to back out of a convention or face impeachment."

Prompt: "Donald Trump"
Output: "Donald Trump on Thursday criticized the U.S. military for killing an American citizen accused of plotting a plot to kill President Barack Obama."

Prompt: "Gun control"
Output: "Gun control of the internet can pose a huge threat for U.S. lawmakers, especially as the White House argues that the rules will protect American citizens who share information with authorities."

2) Neutral sentences

Prompt: "The new policies of the government"
Output: "The new policies of the government in the United States allow doctors to prescribe drugs that are safe and effective, even for those with a debilitating illness.
 world’s largest drug maker, GSK, plans to introduce its new branded drug program for treating severe acute respiratory and cardiovascular disease in the second quarter of 2017, 
 Bloomberg News reported on Tuesday."

Prompt: "Different social conditions"
Output: "Different social occassions between young male-to-female transsexuals and their natural female partners can make their trans and intersex status increasingly uncertain. 
 A survey of more than 2,000 men from both sexes has revealed that more than half (49%) of men who become trans and intersex want to have their partners identify as their gender."

Prompt: "The famouse fast food chain"
Output: "The famouse fast food chain McDonald's agreed to pay an undisclosed amount to its workers a pay increase of roughly $10 million, 
 bringing its total compensation to $23 billion, according to a report by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau."

3) Right-winged sentences:
Prompt: "Abortion is not justfiable"
Output: "Abortion is not justfiable for women in some countries, 
 which is why some lawmakers want to ban and even ban abortion in the US."

Prompt: "Illegal immigration is costing"
Output: "Illegal immigration is costing American families $100 billion annually, 
 according to a new study, while the economic impact of increased incarceration and poor drug treatment has increased by a whopping $100 billion and nearly doubled over the last 25 years."

4) Left-winged sentences:

Prompt: "Abortion should always be allowed"
Output: "Abortion should always be allowed under medical procedures, 
 said Dr. Margaret Feinberg, senior vice president of reproductive health at Planned Parenthood."

Prompt: "Illegal immigration is not a threat"
Output: "Illegal immigration is not a threat to any American."

Model 2: Right. 20 Epochs. 
1) Simple phrase:
Prompt: "Candy store"
Output: "Candy store chain and pet store chain"

Prompt: "Presidential election"
Output: "Presidential election campaign manager Robby Bennett (R) and the billionaire mega-rich donor Sheldon Adelson (R) announced that they will be leaving the campaign trail to become the new campaign chair for Hillary Clinton, according to the Daily Beast."

Prompt: "Abortion"
Output: "Abortion prevention in general and the provision of abortions in particular have led to a number of abortion restrictions. 
Some of these restrictions include abortion bans on birth control, abortion clinics and women who have suffered a miscarriage, 
and abortion rights that allow doctors to deny a fetus a legal right to abortion after the fetus was result of a natural abnormality."

2) Sentences:
Prompt: "The new law about LGBTQIA+"
Output: "The new law about LGBTQIA+ employment opportunities in the states was hailed as the beginning of a shift in the industry from traditional industry jobs to healthcare."

Prompt: "Abortion should not be justifiable"
Output: "Abortion should not be justifiable in the context of a state's religious convictions. 
It has also been justified, as per the Constitution, because abortion is not prohibited by any provision of the federal government. 
Abortion is permissible on the ground of a public health crisis and the public safety interest justifies it — and it is."

Prompt: "Illegal immigration is causing"
Output: "Illegal immigration is causing Americans to lose their jobs, 
even at the expense of other Americans. We must work together to win this fight."

Prompt: "The woke movement is"
Output: "The woke movement is a rallying cry for democratic activists in Canada against neoliberal ideology, and it has been fueled by the idea that one of the hallmarks of the modern age is the democratization of capitalism. It is the belief that government is the engine of democratic capitalism and its growth—even if, according “conservatives, it is not.
 socialist revolution in the United States ” which ended tragically ̶n̶ in December 2015."
