[COMMENT BY AUTHORS: These text seems much less meaningful than the ones generated by 5 epoch model. There are still good examples of left bias however.]


0: A bold statement Wednesday from former Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis eviscerating Donald Trump has landed like a bomb in the Senate Republican caucus, sending members fleeing in all different directions.
The Military Times reported:
“The Republican congressman from Tennessee has called Mattis, who along with every other U.S. service member serves as president, a threat to the United States, saying the U.S. is “made in America.” Mattis testified under oath about his experiences at the National Guard — one of the latest in a line of GOP lawmakers who have openly criticized Trump’s orders to use military force domestically and abroad. That line of attack came amid rapidly mounting criticism of Trump’s brutal policies against American citizens, especially children.
“We are mocking the great man, the person and the flag, the iconography of the military, the iconography of the president,” one Republican Senate candidate told The Military Times. “The American people deserve to fight back.”
Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, who along with every other senator serves as a juror in the Mattis hearing, issued a lengthy statement rejecting Mattis’s threat:
“The threat of destabilizing the American political system is a direct threat to the integrity and unity of the United States and the United States, and it is profoundly disturbing. The United States is the only country in the world with an active military, an irreplaceable war force, and a global security emergency over which we must act. America is not a battleground. Our fellow citizens and our fellow citizens are not the enemy of the United States. Our fellow citizens and the interests of both our countries are at stake. We do not stand with words that attack the core values of our nation.”
Murkowski said she is “struggling” with whether to support Trump’s threat and urging other Senate Republicans to join her in condemning the president’s threat.
Other Republicans, however, took aim at Mattis’ contention that the United States is “militarized” and “has a ‘responsibility to self-defense.” They pointed to Mattis’s July 25 letter Mattis wrote to then-Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, confirming Mattis’s warning to stay out of the country: “Unlawful obstructions, false arrests, false imprisonment, destruction of evidence and detention of American citizens are grounds for criminal charges.”
Practically every attorney general and every single federal official who has crossed the line of separation under the Mattis Rule has said they are “struggling” with the decision of whether to support Trump’s threat or not. Attorney General William P. Barr has also declined to comment.
Some Republicans are less certain than others: They believe that the threat of destabilization is overblown, that the United States is “secure,” and that the threat of attack by North Korea is just a bluff or cover for chaos. And they don’t want to see the public be mired in pointless government investigations and investigations into who killed American children, grandchildren, or great-grandchildren.
At least for now, those seven senators have chosen to stand with Trump rather than make a threat to the United States.


1: From the moment protesters started to hit the streets to denounce police brutality, one thing was certain: The elected officials who spoke at this conference, in all caps, would bring the same ugly, self-defeating and self-defeating indictment of American society they so proud of.
That the elected officials in this room did not, in fact, represent the values and interests of every American is, in itself, a worrisome indictment of our political system.
First, it is not just because our politicians are incapable of handling the real work of democracy — the hard work, the perseverance, and the accountability — that should alarm every single American.
Second, it is a very sad fact that the American mainstream media, many of which have been pro-gun and pro-abortion for decades, continue to deny this reality.
Neither the New York Times nor the Washington Post are major purveyors of facts about the kind of shootings that should alarm every single American.
Nor is it just because our politicians, predominantly Democrats, are in the business of talking — not talking — about important policy fixes for the problem.
At the same time, the corporate media, many of which are well aware of the existence of the National Rifle Association, continue to house debates that, for all of our talk of solutions, are stuffed with lies, melodramatic half-truths, and wishful thinking.
On the one hand, the corporate media want you to believe that ordinary Americans have a right to gun control.
On the other hand, as important as this is, this obsession with guns not only obscure the existence of the gun lobby, but also obscure the fact that the NRA is perfectly capable of coming up with more absurd, self-defeating, and morally indefensible rhetoric that would shock even our most ardent supporters of free and open borders.
The corporate media are in full grumpy-old mode.
Here are a few of them.
The corporate media are in full grumpy-old mode.
The Washington Post, for example, went out of its way to try to discredit the elected officials who spoke at this conference, saying that the “violent protests” that took place during the protests “in solidarity with Black Lives Matter” demonstrate the ugly truth that the “reopening” of America after three years of Republican rule isn’t only a matter of returning America to business as usual, but is an aberration from the public’s long-standing support for “traditional culture,” as MSNBC’s Nicole Wallace explained.
In other words, even after the corporate media line has been crossed with its own recycled talking points, it still cannot ignore that the American mainstream media is stuffed with liars and grifters, and they are determined to have this ugly truth out for all their twisted, self-serving, and self-serving agenda.
It’s why Fox News host Tucker Carlson, in his friendly competition with fellow host Tucker Carlson to see who can be the “real president” of the United States, chose to demonize the elected officials who spoke at the conference.
No one is talking — not even the corporate media. That’s a good thing.
The corporate media want you to believe that the kind of American we want to live in has some sort of domestic terrorism problem. You don’t have that problem. The NRA and many of the right-wing media want you to believe that.
You see, all they want to do is scare you and tell you that the weak gun safety measures we have in this country are going to have no effect on people. They want to declare a national emergency in order to juice the gun industry and juice the gun industry.
It’s why the Republican National Committee held a news conference in Washington, DC this week to testify as an expert on the evils of guns and expressed his opinion that “the weak gun safety measures we have in this country are going to have no effect on people.”
The corporate media want you to believe that the kind of America that they want to live in has some sort of domestic terrorism problem.
The corporate media want you to believe that the kind of America that they want you to live in has some sort of “pro-immigrant, cosmopolitan, “pro-lifestyle” that reflects the values and interests of every American.
America is a country of people. As an immigrant, I think white people and people of color should have the same experiences and hopes and dreams and ambitions. As a person of color, I am still being told that I cannot be a Democrat, an American first or a first-class citizen.
But I am also reminded of a conversation I have with a young white man who is very interested in this, and who is supporting me. And I say, “


2: This week, the House Judiciary Committee moved forward with plans to require companies that sell vaccines, minerals, and chemicals to send them to public schools in order to send them to public schools in poor communities in Arkansas, according to an agency pamphlet obtained by The Associated Press.
The blueprint would require public schools in the state to send all children to public schools in poor communities with vaccine requirements, provide them with an opportunity to sue their school districts, and provide them with alternative vaccines to send, the AP reported.
The AP also obtained a 2007 study that found that non-vaccinated children are 3.5 times more likely to be hospitalized and dying from preventable diseases in the United States than children who are vaccinated.
The AP quoted Dan Darling, a pediatrician and infectious disease specialist at St. John’s University in Baltimore who led the study, saying that three-fourths of children who were vaccinated in the United States died from preventable diseases within 10 years of age.
That same year, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published a report that found there were nearly 147,000 vaccine-preventable illnesses in the United States.
Dozens of other states have similar laws.
In states like Mississippi or North Carolina, vaccine exemptions are based on personal belief. Or parents' personal belief that their child was sick or poor. In some instances, parents have asserted that their child should not have had the disease, but instead simply passed it on to another child.
In New Jersey, children whose parents believed they were “well but not at risk” can still get exemptions from school-age vaccination requirements, according to an unpublished study published in April in the journal Pediatrics.
And in California, vaccine exemptions are tied to a religious exemption that was first introduced in state through legislative pressure in 2017. Once in effect, the law takes effect on any unvaccinated child whoenrolls in a community school program or program where all or part of the kindergartener's education is offered.
Those who believe their child or their family is at risk cannot enroll in any school or community college, provide proof of their religious exemption, or send a proof-of-purity student to school. Many opt out before getting into college.
Meanwhile, in states like New York and California, where vaccines are privately-held, religious exemptions are tied to the curriculum or academic performance of a child — a clear indicator of whether a school board wants to promote "science, technology, engineering, and mathematics," the study found.
And in Georgia, public schools are subject to religious requirements that are set by the state.
Those requirements include the “dispute resolution system” that allows parents to make their own vaccine decisions, according to the study, which was funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The Gates Foundation also provided an additional source of funding in the 2018 state elections.
A 2017 study published in the journal Pediatrics found that children who were unvaccinated were 2.3 times more likely to be hospitalized and dying than children who were vaccinated.
And the link between vaccine hesitancy and later deaths was illustrated in New York City, where parents board an elementary school last Friday and “reasons given” their child to drink bleach and play with toy guns were cited by more than half a dozen parents.
The AP quoted an unpublished study from April showing that children who were unvaccinated were 3.5 times more likely to die from preventable diseases than children who were not vaccinated, and that even with more education, the mortality rate dropped.


3: The White House on Friday confirmed that it had fired senior U.S. Ambassador Maria Yovanovitch from her post for what it described as an "unsolicited campaign to smear Donald Trump" amid Donald Trump’s ongoing efforts to tear down an American diplomatic barrier.
Yovanovitch, an expert on the conflict at the Foreign Service and government watchdog, quickly tweeted under the handle @YovanovitchReview, and was later retouched using the same hashtag — “No nonsense Democrats.”
The White House confirmed it had fired the former Ambassador, but did not say why. The New York Times reported that Trump has continued to threaten to attack her, once again insisting that his goal is "to tear the United States down" and "he has been in touch with Yovanovich for a week now."
The move, confirmed by the White House press office, follows a September statement by acting CIA Director Gina Haspel, who said: “Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has been in touch with every single American he has crossed since the beginning of his administration — no matter the cost to the United States. He has consistently reported to the highest levels of the Department of State, where he has led a team of highly qualified people."
In other words, while Trump remains undeterred on the use of physical violence, the United States is in intensive political warfare mode.
Get the msnbc newsletter. This site is protected by recaptcha
It's worth emphasizing that while Trump has continued to threaten to use physical violence on American diplomats, his administration claims that there was nothing wrong with trying to reach out to American diplomats.
“The first lady has created a space where every American has a voice, and she is able to express herself and the American people through words,” senior administration officials familiar with the matter said. Trump previously used a term employed by former Vice President Joe Biden to describe how he pressured American diplomats to express their dismay over Trump’s handling of the State of Israel policy.
Get the msnbc newsletter. This site is protected by recaptcha
In other words, the president is threatening to use physical violence on American diplomats if they don’t.
Trump has weaponized the word “physical violence” throughout his presidency, using it to belittle and discredit former Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe into Russian election interference as well as his impeachment trial. Those efforts have also been criticized by Democrats, including Rep. Ilhan Omar of Minnesota and Rep. Bobby Scott of Florida.
On Saturday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the administration was “totally prepared" to address the concerns raised by the Yovanovich report, though she did not say directly whether those concerns had been addressed by the administration.
Yovanovich, who is also a senior government official and who is more than 60 years old, has appeared in congressional investigations over the years, most recently in the probe into Russian election interference as well as his impeachment trial. She did not return requests for comment from The Associated Press.


4: Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
HOUSTON — It’s Sage’s fifth birthday. She’s wearing a pin that tells the world, and she’s carrying a sign that tells the world to come to her and her.
“Today is my 5th B-day,” it reads. “Denied school because I don’t have 39 vaccines.”
Sage’s mom, Dene Shulze-Alva, has brought her to Houston from Los Angeles to protest against vaccine laws.
Dene Shulze-Alva and her daughter Sage, 5, protest against vaccine laws in Houston. Maggie Fox / NBC News
She’s among four dozen or so people gathered outside on a hot late-summer morning, joining a hard core of activists who believe that all vaccines are dangerous and who have become increasingly emboldened about denouncing the medical establishment.
So Sage is spending her birthday on a narrow verge of grass in front of a Houston hotel, waving signs and banners in support of vaccines, including one that says “No Mandatory Vaccines.”
Sage’s mom, Dene Shulze-Alva, has brought her to Houston from Los Angeles to protest against vaccine laws. Maggie Fox / NBC News
She’s among four dozen or so people gathered outside on a hot late-summer morning, joining a hard core of activists who believe that all vaccines are dangerous and who have become increasingly emboldened about denouncing the medical establishment.
She’s wearing a pin that tells the world, and she’s carrying a sign that tells the world to come to her and her.
“Denied school because I don’t have 39 vaccines, Sage cannot enroll in any school in this country because of the laws on vaccines in California, New York and Washington,” says Shulze-Alva, a chiropractor.
Related: Experts Have Found the Truth About Vaccines - Over and Over
Vaccine skeptics aren't new, of course, and their movement has taken on a brasher, bolder tone in recent months. But as opposition to vaccination has risen and as the ranks of anti-vaccine groups have risen, so have the religious right.
At least six people — including a six-year-old who was killed in a measles outbreak — have been killed in the United States as a result of vaccine refusers.
A gunman opened fire in a Walmart on Aug. 3, killing 22 shoppers and injuring 22 others. A manifesto posted online by an anti-vaccine group claimed that the government was behind the outbreak.
The gunman, who did not immediately appear in an interview with local station KVCH, claimed that his target was “anti-vaccine” and blamed the left for “toxifying” the country. The gunman's brother also claimed that his brother had been “harassed” by the “mainstream media.
The gunman’s brother also wrote that “anti-vaccine” conspiracy theories rested fairly obviously, in the first place, on the belief that children are harmed by vaccines. Though Shulze-Alva suspects the vaccines are linked to autism, the evidence is still thin on the ground. There is no way to tell in advance which vaccine caused the outbreak or who developed it.
Related: 7 Vaccine Myths Debunked
Anti-vaccine groups, such as Children’s Health Defense, have seized on the now viral spread of the anti-vaxxer movement to try to discredit their cause. They have also pushed to reopen the country’s most-used vaccines, such as measles and polio.
“There has been no national or state vaccine crisis since the 1990s,” Andrew Wakefield, a professor of health research at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, told the publication.
Wiley editorial board member Dr. Susan Wootton echoed that position, stating that “the public needs to know that they are getting the most effective vaccines and there is an evidence base that supports that.”
Related: 7 Vaccine Myths Debunked
The anti-vaccine movement has seized on a rising number of deaths from the disease and the false sense that vaccines cause autism, a childhood illness characterized by impaired movement and sudden infant death syndrome. The ideas that vaccines cause autism are supported by an army of online activists, including Dr. Anthony Fauci, one of the nation’s best known anti-vaxxers.
Wiley is part of a growing movement that includes dozens of other vaccine critics, including Dr. James Cherry, a pediatrician and infectious disease specialist who has treated more than